[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Welcome to "Open Minds."
We have a real
treat for you today.
It's a pick up on
last week's show
with Sheila Gillette
and the THEO Group,
and her husband, Marcus.
And last week, we were talking
about reincarnation and family
soul contracts.
This time, we're going to look
at a more internal process
called soul integration.
So let's begin our dialogue
by-- I want to ask you
two, what does THEO mean
by soul integration?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Well, THEO's been
teaching about soul integration
for a number of years.
It's kind of their
mainstay, because they
speak about fragmented
aspects of our soul that
influence our response to
situations and circumstances
and challenges in our life.
It's not our intellect--
our high intellect,
or adult self that
responds to challenge.
It's our emotional body.
Our fragmented aspects are
the emotional reactors--
the first responders to any
situation and circumstance.
And they're usually
responding out
of the need of
survival and fear.
So what soul integration
is, is becoming
aware of how beliefs
that limit us
in our thinking, our
responding, our experience--
usually unlovable, not
worthy, not smart enough, not
pretty, not handsome--
whatever the belief may be that
holds us from being the
best person that we can be.
So the integrative
process is really
our higher self, our
whole self, the adult self
of who we are now, re-framing,
re-parenting, and soothing and
comforting and bringing
those aspects back home.
Not shutting them out anymore.
And changing the beliefs
that were born or adopted out
of that challenge.
>>REGINA: So is it more
transforming or embracing
those unhealed aspects?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: It's both.
It's actually both.
Because what we need
to do is change beliefs
that don't work for us anymore.
This is a new time of really
recognizing the divine essence
that we are, the power
that we have within us.
THEO says, that which within
us is greater than anything
outside of ourselves.
That divinity.
The master that we are.
And it's time to own that.
>>REGINA: Hear, hear.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Yeah.
And it's a multi-dimensional
process, too.
It could be integrating
the fragmented aspects that
occurred from some experience
that we had in this lifetime,
typically in the
younger years, or it
could be from another lifetime.
And so we come in here, as we
discussed in the last show,
for the learning of emotions.
So this is a path to
emotional mastery.
And as we identify the
core circumstances through
a meditative process
that THEO's given us,
we can go into that
experience, observe it,
not have to own it
or be in it again,
but just know of it having
happened in our past,
and to be able, then, to,
when we are faced with
a circumstance where
that trigger occurs--
it could be a personal
relationship--
>>REGINA: And we all know this.
We all feel when these
little bits are stepped on.
We react.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We do.
We go into fear, we go into--
>>REGINA: Anger--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
--conflict, anger--
>>REGINA: --rejection--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: abandonment,
rejection, not good enough,
like Sheila said.
We now, once we understand
the core pattern
in the circumstance it
occurred that fragmented
that aspect of the soul at that
time for survival's sake, now
we have an awareness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And in the last show,
just toward the end,
this subject came up.
So it's the perfect, kind
of, timing, shall we say,
because we'd already planned it.
But it just came up with
the very last person
that asked a question.
And there were just-- there
were a lot of emotions running
through the last show,
particularly in the men,
having to do with these rejected
aspects of self as a child.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: And
the feeling of judgment.
Harsh judgment.
And just not being loved.
We saw a lot of that.
We see it in our
work all the time.
So now, we get to that point
where we have that awareness,
but we're not acting, or
reacting, the same way.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We're
more in an observatory place.
And being able to
then sit back and say,
OK, now what's going on?
And it can happen in a
moment, or maybe we'll react
and we'll pull out--
>>REGINA: So you have
that little pause point.
Once this realization
happens, you
can just create stillness
for a moment before reacting.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
What's going on?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
We all need that.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Yeah, we do.
Who inside, right
now, is responding?
Who is the little one inside?
And THEO calls them the orphans.
Those fragmented aspects.
So now, we can-- and what we
see all the time in our work
is that, after people
embrace this process,
they simply don't react to
life circumstances the way
they used to.
Isn't that a beautiful thing?
>>REGINA: Beautiful.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: And
they're in alignment.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And that allows us to lift into
the higher aspect of ourself,
because we're not
constantly trying
to beat down or fight down
these lower fearful patterns.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Yeah.
Because we've changed them.
And it's subtly done.
All of a sudden a challenge
comes, and you recognize,
I'm not reacting
like I did before.
I feel more at ease.
I know how to handle this.
So there's this
whole metamorphose
that occurs when there is
the integrational process.
And the plus side
is we get healthier.
Because when we have resistance
and that kind of stuff
internally going on,
it creates an imbalance
in our physical system.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's a lower frequency.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Yeah.
So as we come into
that alignment--
so it's like
aligning your spine--
you come into that
soul alignment,
then your energy flows better.
And you're more present in life.
And you can enjoy life more,
because you're not so reactive.
>>REGINA: Right.
No, that's beautiful.
Well, I think we should
get to it, because we
have some lovely guests here.
And this is a little different,
in that THEO chooses.
Rather than raising
our hands, THEO
will choose who he wishes
to speak to in that moment,
because he's already in touch
with everybody in the audience
and already perceiving what
really needs to be addressed
now, in this next hour.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
It's exciting.
>>REGINA: It is.
So are you ready to
say goodbye to us
and let THEO come through?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
I'll see you later.
>>REGINA: OK.
Here we go.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: See you.
>>THEO: It is the
beginning, is it not?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: It is.
Welcome, THEO.
>>THEO: We are appreciative
of the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
You may ask.
>>REGINA: Well,
THEO, we would like
to open it up for you to choose
who you wish to speak to.
Unless-- well, you know what?
First, why don't you
give us your perspective
on soul integration?
We just heard a little bit
from Marcus and Sheila on that,
and just kind of introduce the
subject a bit to our viewers
before we go to the questions.
>>THEO: Soul integration is
coming into the wholeness
of your being.
The recognition of the
divine essence that you are.
The master that you are.
This 5th dimensionary energy.
It's fully about the planet now.
Never before have
human beings been
available to recognize
their masterhood--
the 5th dimensionary energy.
It's a place of
refined vibration
that allows each individual to
recognize the divine essence.
The master.
And express that in
their daily lives.
The 3rd dimension
being physical reality.
The 4th was the
spiritual awakening.
And now, as science
speaks about as well,
is the 5th dimensional
waves, if you would,
on a higher frequency
level of recognition.
So it is a release of
beliefs, of old paradigms that
no longer work any longer, that
allows for this transmutation,
if you would, this
homecoming, into the alignment
of wholeness or holiness.
Divinity expressed fully,
unencumbered from the past.
>>REGINA: Beautiful.
Well, on that note--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
One quick question.
THEO, talk to us, please,
about the multi-dimensionality
of this spiritual process
that you're describing.
>>THEO: It is similar,
in that sense,
of the psychological model
of today of inner child work.
However, it is expanded into
the multi-dimensionality
of the soul.
For there are other
experiences that a soul
has had upon the earthly plane
that has a need of resolution
in the present incarnation.
So there is a
multi-dimensionality
about the process in the
sense of the soul recognizing
where the pattern first began.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
And does the soul
incarnate, THEO,
with the awareness
and the intention of integrating
that aspect of the soul?
>>THEO: The soul has a blueprint
of its desire for growth.
So of course it knows.
It has relevance in the choosing
of a particular incarnation.
Yes.
>>REGINA: Well, we're going
to take just a moment, THEO,
as you call upon someone, and
just play quick musical chairs.
I'm vacating my seat for the
person you'll be speaking to.
So we'll take just a
little 30 second break.
We'll be right back.
>>THEO: This one.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi.
>>THEO: We are
appreciative to serve you.
There is an asking, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
I am interested in the
line between really pushing
my edge with my
triggers of my orphans,
and choosing a path
that feels better.
So I have a question
about how much is enough,
when I get information--
when my orphans are
ignited and aroused-- to
stay in the same situation?
>>THEO: It is not
to relive that which
was this situation-- the
circumstance in which
the belief was adopted, you see?
It is a witnessing.
Not a re-experiencing.
So in the asking of how far to
go into it, only to revelation.
Into the understanding of, ah,
this is how this
belief was born.
Was accepted.
Was adopted.
For oftentimes, the
beliefs are adopted
by the beliefs of those
whom you are around,
for survival's sake, as you
have already experienced.
So what you experience is a
witnessing, not a reliving.
So that you are not
immersed fully in the past,
but in the awareness of the now.
And the higher self of you
having the availability
to access, as if it
is your own birth
child, this little
orphan, or fragment,
so that you can
soothe, comfort, let
it know that you
are there taking it
with you into a new
life, where they
will have a voice, and
understanding, and your love.
Unconditionally.
>>AUDIENCE: So my love
may be, in those moments,
to remove them from
that situation.
>>THEO: Yes.
So you are the best parent.
The higher self of
you, the future self,
that which you are
now, is the best parent
for this little one.
Just if it-- as if it
were your birth child.
That you would love it,
communicate, support.
Yes?
And letting it know,
dependent upon the age,
that you are taking
care of everything.
They need not worry.
They can have
permission to play.
They don't have to be on guard
or in control any longer.
>>AUDIENCE: And it
really feels like that
is the phase now-- is the play.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Am I
accurate with that?
>>THEO: You are.
And at times, go out
to play with them.
For your issues of
control have been great.
You have been hyper
vigilant in your life.
Necessarily so.
On guard at all times.
So now, at the stage you
are, you are empowered.
You have wisdom.
You are the adult.
You are your future
self, living in this now,
bringing this forward,
released from the past.
You can take this stage.
You are aware of a very
young orphan, are you not?
>>AUDIENCE: A few.
>>THEO: Yes.
And so where you're
taking them from,
ultimately, is your
nuclear family.
In essence, one might
call it a divorce.
A dissolution of relationship.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Necessarily so.
So as you do this envisioning,
you can hold them.
Have them-- envision
the home where you live.
There is a porch.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: The parents
on the front porch.
You are on the walkway.
There is a walkway extended
beyond the house into infinity.
To eternal.
You see?
You are standing in
the walkway in front
of the house with the orphans.
With these little
parts of yourself.
Holding them.
They've already said to
you they will go with you.
You've engaged in that.
So now you turn and wave
goodbye to that home
and to those beings
on the porch.
And you take them and
lead them on the path
away from this place.
And they need not be
afraid any longer.
And they're different
ages-- we are aware of that.
But they want to go.
They're excited.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, I
think they trust me now.
>>THEO: Yes.
It took a bit of time.
>>AUDIENCE: Rightfully so.
>>THEO: Mm.
Now, where are you going?
That is the question,
more importantly.
You've engaged with these
aspects of self that
now feel quite
comfortable with you,
and you have a new life opening.
It's time for it.
And a move.
>>AUDIENCE: And a move?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Can you say more?
>>THEO: Not immediately.
But there is a move.
And a residential
change that will come
is an indication of this growth.
And you've felt it.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
And I just moved.
>>THEO: Ah.
It's been done.
>>AUDIENCE: No.
There's another one.
>>THEO: Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>THEO: 2015.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: This is temporary.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Very.
>>THEO: Breathe
through the move.
Don't unpack everything.
But you knew that already.
Because the change
will be there quickly,
into an environment that's open,
light, and-- you're an artist,
so the interior
will be your colors.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
very appropriate.
>>THEO: There is an asking?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
My mother is very
sick right now.
>>THEO: Yes.
Transitioning.
But you knew that as well.
A very profound
time for you both.
Energy is constant.
Form will only change.
And you can handle it.
There will be those times
you think you cannot,
but grieving is
important, you see?
Do not hold it in.
There is great love here.
>>AUDIENCE: Is there anything
I need to know about this?
For her?
For me?
For us?
For this-- this life together?
>>THEO: She's going
to let you know.
She will describe to
you her experience
of walking in two worlds.
Which will be a blessing.
And you will be comforted by
that, in allowing her release.
>>AUDIENCE: Is it imminent?
I mean, I know it's imminent,
but is it soon, soon?
Can you tell?
>>THEO: It's not yet
chosen, the hour or the day.
But it's not long off.
This has been coming for a time.
And part of you is looking
forward for her release.
You don't want her to suffer.
And that is what is happening.
She's releasing.
And as it moves
forward, she will not
be suffering when she
walks in both worlds.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: And you'll be with her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
Yes, I will.
>>THEO: And know that
she will hear you.
That is the last thing
before departure, is hearing.
So you know before she leaves,
she will hear every word.
So communicate with her, even
when she cannot communicate
clearly back to you.
She hears you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: It's a
blessing, actually.
It's a birth into
another dimension.
And there are many
waiting for her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, there are.
>>THEO: And she speaks of it.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: You'll find
some laughter in this.
Not only sadness.
When she speaks,
it's a blessing.
>>AUDIENCE: I feel it.
Thank you.
>>THEO: You are complete
with your asking?
>>AUDIENCE: I am.
>>THEO: God's love unto you.
>>AUDIENCE: And unto you.
>>THEO: Good day.
>>AUDIENCE: Good day.
Thank you.
Thanks.
>>REGINA: This is
interesting, too,
because Sheila
just recently went
through the exact same process
with her mother as well.
The whole journey.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: THEO,
would you like-- do
you have anything you'd like
to ask at this point, Marcus?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: No.
Who would you like
to pick next, THEO?
>>THEO: Mm.
This one.
There are some
similarities, are there not?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, there are.
>>THEO: You may ask.
>>AUDIENCE: I wasn't
really prepared
to have this opportunity.
But I would say that I am
following, and believing,
and living, to my best ability,
the principles that you're
speaking of, and am very
aware of the continuing
path I need to be on.
So that's why I really follow
you, and watch you, and stay
on top of what you
do, through my friend.
>>THEO: So you're
opening yourself
to this great time of
transformation of consciousness
that is most appropriate
for your choosing.
For you have had these
experience in past lives.
You are that of a
seer, and you have
great wisdom that you
share with others,
and many seek you out for it.
So you are
experiencing that which
you are to share with
them, for a true teacher
teaches from experience,
not book learning.
And so what is exposed to
you now in your own process
is that which you
share with others.
And that intuitive knowing,
that has blossomed greatly,
you must pay attention to.
What we mean by that, do not
take on the energy of others
as you work with them.
As you engage with them,
you can absorb their issues.
They are not your own.
Let that pass through you
like wind through a screen.
You see?
And be in water daily so that
the polarities are shifted,
and the energy of the
others is washed away.
For the intensity
of now is great,
and there is great fear that
has been permeating the airways,
and many are frightened.
And you hold the light
to quell the fear.
And that is why you've walked
the walk you've walked.
You've been through that fear.
You've been through
situations and circumstances
that many would
have cowered from.
And often, ask why me?
The why you is because you're
the leader, the teacher
of compassion and
understanding, and holding
the space of movement for
those who seek you out.
You can be empathetic
yet firm with them
on their path to be strong.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: You have a question?
>>AUDIENCE: This was just
beyond my comprehension.
Thank you very much.
>>THEO: Mm.
You will sit with it and know.
For in the 2015 year,
you will be very busy.
So take advantage of the
quiet time for yourself.
And know, as you work with
others, schedule those workings
to your schedule, not theirs.
So that you can be mindful
of caring for self first.
That is not selfish.
But allows the energy
to be firm within you,
so that you can be of service.
>>AUDIENCE: I take
your message with me.
>>THEO: It is a blessing.
There are many in
need upon this planet,
and the way-showers
must show the way.
You are complete?
>>AUDIENCE: No, I don't
think I'll ever be complete.
>>THEO: For this moment, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Thank you.
>>THEO: God's love unto you.
Good day.
>>AUDIENCE: Good day.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
THEO, you were
mentioning something
a moment ago about the
bathing in the waters,
and releasing the
energy, because she's
working so directly and
personally with people.
But what about--
what about all of us?
Because we are more open
now, and we're always
absorbing one another's energy,
can you just, for a moment,
speak to that, before
choosing the next person?
>>THEO: Yes.
It is important that each
individual pays attention
to their physical structure.
This is a time of grand
change and vibrational shifts
that all are affected by.
And you are the expert
in your own body.
So as you pay attention,
notice what you're noticing,
and care for the
body-- nutritionally,
energetically,
emotionally, spiritually.
All of those things are very
important to optimum health.
Yes?
So being in water allows the
body to shift polarities,
as the water washes over
the body, of the energy that
is absorbed from the day.
For-- as an empathetic
being, as you are--
you are absorbing the energies
and the emotional impact
of others.
Yes?
So paying attention to that,
noticing that, and refining
and being within the
self, so that you
are aware of what is
necessary, and where
there might be an imbalance
that can be corrected.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
And THEO, when
we're working with
people who are activated,
and their orphans are
evident, and they're up
for the experience,
how can we make
sure we're not taking that on?
And being aware of what's
ours and what's theirs?
>>THEO: Don't be sympathetic.
>>REGINA: No.
Easy fix.
>>THEO: Sympathy does
not serve anyone.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That's different than empathy.
>>THEO: It is.
Sympathy is a
continuation of the story
that you get involved in.
Yes?
Empathy is understanding
where someone is
and holding the energetic
space-- environment-- for it
to change.
Not becoming involved in it.
So that you can hold
that energy of change
and envisioning that
person as whole,
healthy, functioning
perfectly in their life.
Not in their story.
Or their experience.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: This is why
so many teachers and healers
and leaders have had some
pretty-- pretty strong life
experiences themselves, to get
to that point of confession.
>>THEO: I have been
where you have been,
I know what you know,
I feel what you felt,
and this is what I found is
a good statement of sharing,
is it not?
Not being embroiled
in the drama.
Yes?
Not starring in their film.
>>REGINA: Yes.
A drama, no doubt.
>>THEO: Most are, are they not?
>>REGINA: Sometimes horror film.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Usually has
a king or a queen in it, too.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Are we complete on that?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: I am, yeah.
>>REGINA: Are you?
OK.
THEO, if you would like to go
ahead and select another person
from the audience?
>>THEO: This one.
>>AUDIENCE: Hello, THEO.
>>THEO: We are appreciative
to be of service unto you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
I am surprised to be here.
I felt drawn.
And I offered to be here--
I had the schedule free.
And I'm new to you.
And I feel that there's
a lot happening for me,
and I'm not sure
what I'm integrating,
or where I'm going, but I
know things are different.
>>THEO: Very different.
And you heard the call.
We pushed you a bit.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Yeah.
>>THEO: And in this,
new to us you are not.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: You may be new
to us in this form--
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: --but we know you.
In the most recent years past,
you have let go of everything.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>THEO: That is why you're
not sure where you're going.
You're not the person
you were before.
At all.
It is as if you
died to an old life
and have just been born as
an infant into this new one.
Trying to find your way.
Opening your eyes, to
say, oh, this is it.
This is what Earth is.
Almost as dramatic
as that, isn't it?
For the old way was
so encapsulated.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: And now you're
stepping out into the world.
To know who you are.
You've let go the vestiges
of who you thought
everyone else wanted you to be.
You didn't know yourself.
>>AUDIENCE: That's right.
>>THEO: Mm.
It's nice to see
you on this side.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: To be the
soul that you are,
and to blossom forth
into that presence.
The soul presence that you
are is a very powerful being.
You feel that.
And you've come
through, in the sense
of making a decision, breaking
with the past, in a grand way.
A pat on the back, a
self pat on the back,
would be excellent
to acknowledge
how far you've come.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Other people say how
much I've changed.
It's hard for me to
feel that at this point.
>>THEO: Yes.
Because you still have a
little bit of the other.
But it's oh my, what's happened?
You even look different.
You're a different
person totally.
>>AUDIENCE: That is correct.
>>THEO: It's good.
It's new birth.
You should look different.
Lighter.
The lightness of being.
Now the movement forward is to
be the artisan that you are.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm.
And that's new, and
it's frightening,
but it's also freeing.
>>THEO: It's not new; it's old.
You're just recalling it.
>>AUDIENCE: Just recalling it.
>>THEO: And remembering.
And allowing it to flow.
For you adopted the
belief that you couldn't
be that in the other time.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Yes.
>>THEO: It's another lifetime.
And what it was doing,
it was suffocating you.
So there was a quantum leap
out of that suffocation.
Now you can breathe.
And the unfoldment of
your artistic expression
will be very rapid.
The memory is there.
Soul memory.
Enjoy it.
It gives you great joy.
>>AUDIENCE: Is there a direction
for this artistic expression?
>>THEO: Writing, painting,
sculpting-- all of it.
>>AUDIENCE: All of it.
OK.
>>THEO: And you're
compelled to do that anyway,
so we're not saying
anything new.
Begin with painting.
Small.
Soon there will be large-- very
large-- with lots of color.
Because color vibration is
very important for the healing
of the planet.
It brings lightness of being
to others, as it does to you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Is there anything else
remaining that I need
to let go of, to fully embody--
>>THEO: No.
You've done a fine job of that.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, good.
>>THEO: Even with
the stamping around,
and getting rid of the anger.
That was very good.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Yes.
>>THEO: It allowed it to imagine
a way that it's released,
and forgiveness could come.
And most of all, the
forgiveness of self
that occurred, for
holding yourself back.
But it wasn't the
right time anyway,
so understand this-- this could
not have happened before now.
You have not missed
any opportunity,
because this is the time for it.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
That's good to know.
>>THEO: We heard your thought.
Why didn't I do this before?
What took so long?
>>AUDIENCE: Those are exactly--
>>THEO: We know.
We've heard.
It takes as long as it takes.
In the right timing of the
soul, emergence occurs.
And that is your blessing now.
The true emergence of your being
into that divine essence we
speak about.
It is showing on your face.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: Mm-hm.
You may ask.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm blank
now, as far as a question.
Are there any remnants of--
I've often felt abandoned,
or rejected--
>>THEO: You're
dealing with that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
I'm dealing with it.
>>THEO: Those abandonment issues
are the integrational process
that we speak about, of which
you have become familiar.
And you're very at
ease at speaking
to these little
orphans, and letting
them know you love them.
And that is all
that it will take.
It will be very easy for
you to accomplish that.
There's no blockage there.
>>AUDIENCE: That's wonderful.
Any physical thing left to
take care of or nurture?
>>THEO: Not anymore.
>>AUDIENCE: All right.
>>THEO: What you
have done is set
a trajectory of your life
of complete wellness.
>>AUDIENCE: All right.
>>THEO: That's what
integration and new birth that
occurred for you has happened.
For you were on a pathway
of destruction, as you know.
>>AUDIENCE: Destruction.
I was on a pathway
of destruction?
>>THEO: Physically.
Because of how you were living.
In constriction.
No longer that.
That's what you
came here to hear.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: Mm.
>>REGINA: A lifetime
of wellness.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: I have
a couple of quick questions
on this, THEO.
>>THEO: You may ask.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
One is, there's
so much fear when confronted
with the knowing I
need to reinvent myself.
And in this soul
integration process,
there's also so much
strength in the owning--
how wise, how mature, how
kind, how compassionate
we become as adults.
And I'd like you
to just, kind of,
speak a little bit to that
piece of the soul integration
process.
That we really
parent these orphans
from a place of strength
and a place of wisdom.
>>THEO: A strength, wisdom,
and future acceptance.
Yes.
And then there was a
realization of that empowerment
that occurs.
No longer a feeling of
disempowerment that has been.
And it is a process of
unfoldment that occurs,
and one then says,
ah-- I am different.
>>REGINA: And THEO, you have
said before, and said, I think,
earlier in this show, or
maybe it was the last program,
that we've now entered a
period where we're going
to be living longer lifespans.
And I say that because people
in whatever age group feel
like, oh, my God,
life has been so long.
Why did it take me
so long to get this?
You might only be a short
way through the journey
at this point.
And it's good, I think,
maybe, to remember
that it's never too late.
>>THEO: It is never too late,
for now is the time for it,
you see.
It could not have
happened before.
One would have not
been ready for it.
One would have not been ready
on many levels of expression,
but neither would have
the world have been ready.
For the frequency has
to be a certain level
of energetic alignment for
this new birth to occur,
which is occurring now.
And those who are embodied,
who have chosen to be incarnate
now, are experiencing
this birthing process,
at whatever age they are.
Now, if an infant is born,
they are already ready for it.
But there are those
way-showers that come before,
in the transitional
period or stage,
to have the understanding
to be good stewards of those
who are coming now.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Beautiful.
>>REGINA: I look forward
to seeing your art.
Your future art.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
I am, too.
>>THEO: It's an unfoldment, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: It will be rapid.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Thank you for coming forward.
>>THEO: There is an asking?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Would
you like to pick, THEO?
>>REGINA: She looks shocked.
Someone just said, hey, there's
this thing happening over
there, and you dropped in.
>>AUDIENCE: I really don't
have a lot of questions.
I guess I'll just ask,
what do you think I could
be working on, to integrate--
>>THEO: You're
working on everything.
You're experiencing
many things now.
Allow a time for digesting.
You have gotten much information
in the recent months.
You are on a quest, as you know.
Compelled for this greater
expansion of awareness
and understanding
of human experience
and the integration of the soul,
which is occurring as we speak.
So it is important
that you take time
to digest and to
allow the absorption.
Just as you eat a meal,
there is necessary time
for digestive process and the
cells to absorb the nutrients.
This is no different.
Your cells, your soul, is
absorbing all the nutrients
you have given it in this
most recent time of learning.
It is a continuum.
But allow for that as well.
>>AUDIENCE: Is my soul an
old soul, or a new soul,
or-- because I've been told
I'm a pretty emotional person.
>>THEO: Good.
>>AUDIENCE: I don't
know about that.
>>THEO: Many people
are told they're
emotional persons from people
who are afraid of them.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
OK.
>>THEO: You're not
afraid to emote.
To experience fully what your
soul came here to experience,
is the learning of emotion.
Yes?
It is those who want
to resist emotion
that judge emotional people.
So when they say you
are an emotional person,
say thank you.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: For you've
taken it as judgment.
>>AUDIENCE: In some instances.
I guess it's the
way it's worded.
>>THEO: Of course.
It's not what is said,
it is how it's said, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: And I've been told
by you before to hold my own
space, because I have older
children that kind of infringe
on my being, and--
>>THEO: They infringe on
you all over the place, yes.
Financially.
Emotionally.
They are a bit self-absorbed.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>THEO: So the power of the word
"no" is very important to you.
I love you, but no.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Keep holding my own.
All right.
>>THEO: Put your
money in the bank.
For you will care for you, and
they must care for themselves.
It's a gift you give them.
For when you enable
them to use your funds,
you're not empowering them
to manifest in their lives.
And ultimately, that's
a disservice to them.
Not a gift.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: I'd like
to ask a question, THEO.
I'd like you to
speak to the paradox
that I hear you describing
with her being a very
emotional person, and
congratulating her
on being such, and
yet, on the other hand,
we're talking about
mastering our emotions.
If you can talk to the
connectivity between the two,
please.
>>THEO: Recognizing
one's emotions, yes.
The master of emotion
is first the recognition
that you have them, and
where they're coming from.
Yes?
And management is what
you're talking about.
Not being overwhelmed by them.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
Well, when I was
younger, of course,
I would be more overwhelmed,
but at this age, I pretty much--
>>THEO: And you're recognizing
where they're coming from.
That's the soul
integrative process, yes?
It's not saying stop
being emotional.
It's saying, recognizing
that they are there,
that you have them, and as
you are a master of them,
you are not overcharged
and reactive.
You're recognizing how
the emotions get you
in touch with those
inner aspects of self
that you can soothe, and then
react differently in situations
and circumstances of challenge.
>>AUDIENCE: And
sometimes I still have--
of course, my old
patterns will slip in.
>>THEO: Yes.
You're human.
>>AUDIENCE: I
would like to know,
am I still working
on the same patterns
from previous lifetimes?
Or is there a pattern that
I should be working on?
>>THEO: Oh, they show up.
You don't have to
go looking for them.
They've shown up-- those
things that the soul wishes
to learn and to integrate with.
Trust that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
Anything else that you
think I should know?
>>THEO: There's been
much given for thought.
It's not our way to overwhelm
to enlighten the path.
We are complete for this moment.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Who will
you be picking next, THEO?
>>THEO: This one.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
So good to be with you again.
I have been experiencing
you for a while now,
and it has been such a pleasure.
I have been working on soul
integration for a while,
and I think I have
a knowing of it now.
What it is to integrate
those little aspects of--
or big aspects of our self.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
So THEO, what
fascinates me when I
work with you during the classes
that Sheila and Marcus have
offered, is that we start
always with an intention.
So could you elaborate on
how important intention
is when we are working
to soothe those orphans,
or to actually allow
them to come out?
>>THEO: Ah.
The intention.
It is a decision, is
what we speak about.
Once the decision
is made that one
wishes to come into
the wholeness of being,
that intention allows for
them to surface in a way
that one can pay attention,
no longer unconscious to one's
reaction to life, but more
empowered by the recognition
of who is reacting.
Yes?
So the intention that you have
made is to be in that wholeness
and to walk in that completeness
in the calmness of your soul.
Yes?
Good intent.
For what is intended and decided
upon, the energy surrounding it
makes it so.
And its unfoldment is
very rapid, as you know.
Life changes.
For some, dramatically.
Most often dramatically,
because one is not acting out
in the manners of the past.
So that is what is
occurring to you
and has expanded you
into the now that is
very fruitful in your teaching.
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
I mean, my life
completely changed
through soul integration,
just because I
have peeled so many layers,
and the person that I found--
or, actually, the soul
that I found that is me--
is so light compared
to what I have been
holding for the longest time.
So I feel like, right
now, I know who I am.
And I'm still
discovering who I am,
and I hope I will always be
in that process of discovery.
But it's been such
a great adventure,
even though with intention
came attention, and then came
resistance, and then-- I
learned all these words--
intention, attention,
resistance, allowing, and then
expansion.
>>THEO: Yes.
And coming from where you came
from in your structure of life
in the beginning, in this
lifetime, to where you are now,
it's much lighter.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm a child of war.
I came from a lot of
what we would call here
trauma, so was raised in
war, and a lot of things
have happened.
And I actually can't
find this girl anymore.
You know?
I have a lot of good
memories of her,
but I can't find that vibration.
And this is what fascinates
me with soul integration,
is that the vibration
changes so much that I can't
find that vibration anymore.
>>THEO: You can't find
the fear vibration,
for it no longer exists.
For that child of fear,
who came from war,
who came from a
particular structure,
and family, a structure
of community and tribe
that had particular beliefs
of how one should be,
particularly female, that
you have transformed that
into the power
person that you are
to transform generations
in the past and generations
for the future.
It's quite a powerful
time for you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
it's a lot of fun.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Now I can
see it's a lot of fun.
I have to say that when there is
a lot of-- when a lot of things
are coming to the surface,
it feels like it's never
going to end because
there's so much grief, also,
when we recognize those
fragmented aspects.
>>THEO: What it is, is
the release of the old.
The grief is letting go
of the patterns that have
served you so long, you see?
Necessary losses.
So whenever there's
a loss in life,
there-- continual growth
in losses of the old
that pass-- that one grieves.
It's a natural process.
But as one moves through
that into the joy
of living in the now,
there is that reward
of the effervescence that you
feel and the forward looking
of new life and experience,
unencumbered from that past.
And being the
way-shower, culturally,
to a new way of being for
your family of origin.
And their family.
And their family before that.
This has been
generationally passed along
for thousands of years.
>>AUDIENCE: So it ends with me.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
Good.
And THEO, I have
experienced, also,
during that time of integration,
the physicality changing
in such a drastic way.
Not always comfortable.
So should we trust that,
when moments like that
happen, we expand physically?
And I have experienced a lot
of physical expansions-- weight
gain, vibration,
pulsation-- a lot of things.
Is that-- we always go to
fear, just because-- I,
in the beginning,
would go to fear,
just because it's hard to
know what is happening.
Is that part of the resistance?
Or is it just normal to actually
have these physical changes
as we move our vibrations
in a certain direction?
>>THEO: It's normal.
The body holds liquid
around its cells
so it doesn't short circuit
in the nervous system
as there is this
vibrational shift
and change that is occurring.
Note this.
An infant is born.
Yes?
And it's small.
Very small.
>>AUDIENCE: For now.
>>THEO: Yes.
And then it begins to eat.
And then it becomes quite
pudgy, you might say.
Yes?
Very cute pudgy.
And then it has a growth spurt.
And it elongates.
Gets taller.
And thinner.
And stays that way for
a little bit of time.
And soon, again, the weight,
the expansion, comes.
For there's growth coming.
And then there's more growth.
And the body elongates,
and the muscles
get stronger and bigger, and the
bones get longer and stronger
and bigger, and there's growth.
And then this body, to its
healthful state, is thin again.
So there are many
stages of that growth.
It's true as an adult.
>>AUDIENCE: Growing pains.
>>THEO: There's growing pains.
It is growth that is occurring,
that then the body defines
itself to its most
healthful weight
as the energetics are
metamorphosed into the cells,
and the cells have cleansed
the old out of them.
So it's a continual processes
of rebirth, regeneration,
and rejuvenation.
>>AUDIENCE: For sure.
For sure.
My last question, THEO,
is, in my lifetime,
is it going to be possible for
us to be actually communicating
with-- like, having other
planets as a part of our life?
Just because I feel that so--
>>THEO: You already are.
It's nothing new.
It's always been.
What's happening
is, the awareness
is becoming more acute, so
that then you can see it.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
This is a bit of a-- OK.
Thank you.
>>THEO: And the acceptance.
It's always been here.
The density of the energy
didn't allow its knowing.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: God's love unto you.
>>AUDIENCE: And unto you.
Thank you, THEO.
>>THEO: Good day.
>>AUDIENCE: Good day to you.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Well, THEO,
thank you so much.
We are out of linear time.
So we all wish to thank
you for your helping
us here today understand some of
these really profound concepts.
So with that, we will
ask that you release
yourself to Sheila again.
>>THEO: We appreciate the
opportunity to be of service.
It is continuous.
You may call upon this energy
at all times to assist you.
>>REGINA: Thank you, THEO.
>>THEO: God's love unto you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
And you, THEO.
Thank you.
>>THEO: Good day.
>>REGINA: Good day.
Welcome back.
A lot of wonderful
information, once again.
Very deeply-- I think every
person's question, again,
relates to all of us.
And one thing we
didn't talk about,
because we're about
out of time now,
is that these kinds of
embracing of aspects of self
are creating a new-- and
I've interviewed other people
on this subject-- a
new kind of neural
networking happening
in the brain itself.
And that's an important
thing to recognize.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Yeah.
THEO's been talking a
lot about that lately.
There's actually neural
path-- new neural pathways
moving from fright or flight
into a knowing that something
great is going to happen.
It's a very different
way of proceeding.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, we are out of time.
And on that note,
thank you so much--
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
You're welcome.
>>REGINA: --for both being here.
And to all of you
in the audience,
for being vulnerable enough
to allow THEO to see you.
And so on that, again, thank
you for joining us here
on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]